QUESTION 1 : That is the main difference between local installation and global installation of packages with npm? What kind of packages do you generally install locally? What kind is generally installed globally?

The local installation is for one projet of the directory and the package will be in the node_modules. 
So it will be not accessible by everybody. 
Avantage : all your applications can run on a different version of each package. 
It allows to avoid incompatibility issues in a project if it requires an anterior version of the package than another project.
Whereas, the global installation will install the package into the C root so many projects can have access to the package and use it.
Kind of packages : packages how provide an executable command that you can use on the shell a,d reuse accross projects link nmp, vue-cli, React-native-cli, nodemon...


QUESTION 2 : Webpack is internally used by the Vue CLI. Why is it required to deal with both multiple JavaScript files and special extensions like .vue?

Vue components are logical entities of code that contain well defined functionality and typically include a view template plus a script to define the interaction that happens in the component.
Code-wise, they are typically located in *.vue files, which combine JavaScript code with an HTML template. These *.vue files can then be compiled to pure *.js files using Webpack.
Webpack is a module bundler that takes your development assets (like Vue components and plain Javascript files) and combines them into so called bundles. This is different from simply concatenating and minifying JavaScript files. Simply put, with webpack bundles only the modules required on the current page are loaded.
It allows to have a better organizational structure of your files.


Question 3: What is the role of babel and how browserslist may configure its output?

Babel is a toolchain that is mainly used to convert ECMAScript 2015+ code into a backwards compatible version of JavaScript in current and older browsers or environments. Here are the main things Babel can do for you:
Transform syntax
Polyfill features that are missing in your target environment (through a third-party polyfill such as core-js)
Source code transformations (codemods)
In the JavaScript world, there is a wonderful library called browserslist. It's a pretty simple idea: browserslist allows you to describe which browsers your site needs to support, in a bunch of useful ways. Then, any tool that needs this information can read it from a central spot.
Let's use a simple example: > .05%:
This is actually a pretty unrealistic setting. This says: I want to support all browsers that have at least .05% of the global browser usage. So this will include some really old browsers that, maybe only .06% of the world uses!


Question 4: What is eslint and which set of rules are currently applied? The eslint configuration may be defined in a eslint.config.js or in package.json depending on the setup.

ESLint statically analyzes your code to quickly find problems. It is built into most text editors and you can run ESLint as part of your continuous integration pipeline.
Rules in ESLint are grouped by type to help you understand their purpose : 
- Possible Problems
- Suggestions
- Layout & Formatting
- Deprecated
- Removed


Question 5: What is the difference between scoped and non-scoped CSS?

When a <style> tag has the scoped attribute, its CSS will apply to elements of the current component only.
With scoped, the parent component's styles will not leak into child components. However, a child component's root node will be affected by both the parent's scoped CSS and the child's scoped CSS. This is by design so that the parent can style the child root element for layout purposes.
For example, if I apply a blue style to a p tag nested in another element which has a red p tag, then the style of the most nested p wins and all the p's are red. To apply the red only to the p of my element, we put "scoped" in the style tag.

Question 6 : How behaves non-prop attributes passed down to a component, when its template has a single root element? Tips: it is well documented by vue, but you can also try it youself by passing the style attribute with a straight visual effect.

When a component returns a single root node, non-prop attributes will automatically be added to the root node's attributes.

Question 7: Analyse how works the AsyncButton. How the child component is aware of the returned Promise by the parent onClick handler? When is executed the callback passed to .finally()? Why use .finally() instead of .then()? Etc.

We pass the handleClick function via @click.stop.prevent as child parameters. So the child base-button will receive the return from the parent function async-button through its attributes attrs. In addition, we specify to js the return type of originalOnClick with JSDoc.

The callback passed to .finally() is executed after the function that handles the delay returns its resolved promise.

We pass the handleClick function as child parameters via @click.stop.prevent
Using finaly() ensures, in this case, that "isPending" will return to false no matter what (contrary to .then()). If there is a event before the finaly (an error or a success) it will not influence the fact that we have to stop this button from spinning.

Question 8: Which bug is introduced if inheritAttrs: false is missing or set to true in AsyncButton? Why?

The child of AsyncButton is itself a component and attribute bindings that are not recognized as props will "fallthrough" and be applied to the root element of the child component as normal HTML attributes.

So if we disable attribute inheritance only the function specified for the onclick (wait()) event will be received by async button and passed to base-button. But if we do not disable inheritance, then base-button will receive two attributes which will generate two calls to time the wait() function and therefore an extended time of +2 seconds instead of +1 second
